Add comment about `NoDelay=true` in systemd docs (#3281)
puma/puma: docs/systemd.md

# ListenStream=/run/puma.sock

# Socket options matching Puma defaults
ReusePort=true
Backlog=1024

> # Socket option NoDelay will set TCP_NODELAY if puma is run with parameter low_latency. This is off by default.

Reviewer: WDYT?

```suggestion
# Enable this if you're using Puma with the "low_latency" option, read more in Puma DSL docs and systemd docs:
# https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd.socket.html#NoDelay=
```
